Update README to clarify meshery-extensions purpose (#44)
meshery-extensions/.github: profile/README.md

                <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/meshery-extensions/.github/master/profile/assets/img/meshery-extensions-color.svg" style="margin-right:10px;" width="75px" alt="Meshery Logo" align="left" />
                <p>The Meshery Academy for TCS Labs—a partner-tailored learning path of courses, labs, and challenges built on the Academy platform.</p>
                <p align="left">

>                     <a href="https://github.com/meshery/meshery/blob/master/GOVERNANCE.md#extensions-githubcommeshery-extensions"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/support-official-2f6feb?style=flat-square&logo=meshery&logoColor=white" alt="Level of support for this repo" /></a>

Author: ```suggestion
                    <a href="https://github.com/meshery/meshery/blob/master/GOVERNANCE.md#extensions-githubcommeshery-extensions"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/support-community-00B39F?style=flat-square&logo=meshery&logoColor=white" alt="Level of support for this repo" /></a>
```
